src/content/pages/about.md, before:

---
title: About Me
---

# Hi, I'm Justin

I am a software engineer focused on backend systems, internal platforms, and developer workflows. I build practical solutions that reduce operational friction and help teams execute with confidence.

## Core Strengths

- Designing reliable backend services and integrations.
- Building internal tools that simplify complex engineering workflows.
- Translating technical constraints into clear, business-aligned decisions.

## Impact Highlights

- Delivered tooling and process improvements that made day-to-day engineering work simpler and more reliable.
- Improved system reliability through maintainable architecture and stronger observability practices.
- Helped teams move faster with reusable patterns, clearer documentation, and practical implementation playbooks.

## Working Style

I value ownership, clear communication, and thoughtful execution. I enjoy collaborating across engineering and partner teams, aligning on outcomes early, and delivering incrementally with quality in focus.

If you are looking for a builder who can connect technical detail to practical impact, I would be glad to connect.

Commit message:

refine about copy toward senior leadership and growth

src/content/pages/about.md, after:

---
title: About Me
---

# Hi, I'm Justin

I am a backend and platform-focused software engineer who builds reliable systems and internal tooling that help teams ship faster with less friction. I care about correctness, clear design, and making complex workflows easier to evolve.

## What I Do

- Own production distributed processing and backend services end-to-end, with an emphasis on correctness and resilience.
- Lead modernization efforts from legacy workflows to maintainable, future-state architectures.
- Build internal platforms and shared capabilities that raise consistency across teams and applications.

## How I Lead

- Drive technical direction through design reviews, code reviews, and pairing, with a focus on maintainability and clean interfaces.
- Lead migrations and modernization with incremental adoption patterns that protect delivery timelines.
- Enable teams through shared frameworks, documented patterns, and clear decision-making.

## Working Style

I value ownership, crisp communication, and thoughtful execution. I am comfortable operating with ambiguity early, aligning stakeholders on outcomes and constraints, and turning that into a concrete plan and steady delivery.

I learn quickly, pick up new technologies as needed, and enjoy exploring tools and approaches beyond what I use day-to-day.

## Background

At Charles Schwab (Recordkeeping), I have worked across production support, modernization, and platform engineering for systems responsible for large-scale financial transaction processing and participant data management.

I earned a B.S. in Computer Science from Johns Hopkins University.

If you're looking for someone who can combine strong engineering fundamentals with pragmatic delivery and collaborative leadership, I'd be happy to connect.
